If you don't behave well, Dahuangzi will be unable to lift it.
It's a pity that I won't come up.
The empress puts on a little makeup.
My Majesty is sick today,
I have given you everything, so I feel that you will definitely be able to board Huangzi.
So today, you are so dedicated to making a living.
As long as you get on the big stomach, don't forget it.
It's not like you and Sanhuangzi are injured, but you don't care if they are moved.
What is it?
Wait a minute, here it is.
You will think it through.
Once you do this
The whole world knows about Chiranbe Sanhuangzi
You won’t appoint any more members
What should you do?
For a three-year-old son, you promise that everything will be fine
Da Huangzi and Ju Fei went up to see their father again.
This round is a gamble
Twenty-sixty-nine big yellow men are under you
It's really disrespectful, right?